docs: document stable TypeScript 7 setup (#504)
get-convex/convex-backend: npm-packages/docs/docs/production/project-configuration.mdx

### Configuring the TypeScript compiler

By default, Convex uses the `tsc` binary installed in your project for
typechecking. This works with TypeScript 6 and TypeScript 7 without any
additional `convex.json` configuration.

To use TypeScript 7, install it as your project's TypeScript version:

```sh
npm install --save-dev typescript@^7
```

> TypeScript 7.0 does not include a JavaScript API. If other tools in your project
> still import the TypeScript API, use the
> [side-by-side installation](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/typescript/announcing-typescript-7-0/#running-side-by-side-with-typescript-60)
> recommended by the TypeScript team:
> 
> ```json title="package.json"
> {
>   "devDependencies": {
>     "@typescript/native": "npm:typescript@^7.0.2",
>     "typescript": "npm:@typescript/typescript6@^6.0.2"
>   }
> }
> ```
> 
> This exposes TypeScript 7 as `tsc` while keeping the TypeScript 6 API available
> to other tools through the `typescript` package. The TypeScript 6 compatibility
> compiler remains available as `tsc6`.

Reviewer: FYI, I slightly simplified this part since it’s less relevant for our users.

```suggestion
TypeScript 7.0 does not include a JavaScript API, so if other tools in your
project import it, follow TypeScript's
[side-by-side installation](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/typescript/announcing-typescript-7-0/#running-side-by-side-with-typescript-60)
instructions. Convex picks up TypeScript 7 in that setup too.
```
